LESSON 11
1. According to the plans made yesterday afternoon, the union is
declaring a strike tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.
2. He perceived that this project would entail the expenditure of
funds far above and beyond his means.
3. It is difficult today to conceive of the fears that beset the sailors
of Columbus as they sailed across the unknown ocean.
4. "Love vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself
unseemly, seeketh not its own, is not provoked, taketh not
account of evil; rejoiceth not in unrighteousness, but rejoiceth
with the truth."
5. Braille was not officially adopted as a system of reading and
writing for the blind until after the death of Louis Braille, its
inventor.
6. "There is a vanity which is done upon the earth; that there be
just men, unto whom it happeneth according to the work of the
wicked; again, there be wicked men, to whom it happeneth
according to the work of the righteous; I said that this also is
vanity."
7. Although Representative Doolittle voted against the measure, he
said afterwards that he would support it if it became law.
8. It is almost impossible to get an interview with Mr. Truegood
since he is almost always out of town.
9. The Pirates were already behind by three runs when Bob Friend
came to the mound.
10. He was altogether beside himself with rage when he first
discovered that his friend had deceived him.
11. He felt it below his station to work in the receiving room.
12. Because of other business, I was unable to give your letter my
immediate attention.
13. Either this bill must be paid within the next week or our
attorneys will receive instructions to prepare the necessary
papers for suit.
14. The connection between the refreshable braille display and the
computer is made either by USB or by bluetooth—children, do
you know why we call it BLUETooth?
15. Neither of us should deceive himself into thinking that we can do
this by ourselves.
16. Rejoicing, she told him about her $7,500 salary increase.
17. Don't blame yourself too much; we're in this thing together.
18. “Get yourselves to bed, and be quick about it, before I lose my
patience altogether,” she reprimanded the unruly children.
19. Those who put themselves above the law are only deceiving
themselves.
20. When one declares oneself an expert in such a field, she should
be prepared to answer many questions.
21. Hereafter I expect you to be open and aboveboard with me.
22. Police are seeking all over Hereafter Hollow for the whereabouts
of the man who acted as go-between for the kidnappers.
23. Although his appointment was not until midafternoon, he arrived
beforehand and accordingly had time to compose his thoughts.
24. Of all her grandchildren she was most attached to the first-born.
25. He believed blindly in the integrity of his friends.
26. Since becoming a transcriber, she has brailled "Goodbye, Mr.
Chips" and a number of textbooks besides.
27. As a man of letters, his greatness has been highly overrated.
28. "Children! We will read a story about a little girl whose name was
Little Goody Two Shoes, immediately after lunch," the teacher
said.
29. Inasmuch as he is depending upon us for a complete report, we
mustn't overlook even the littlest detail.
30. We really shouldn't expect him to act quickly on a matter of such
great importance.
31. Those words would've been better left unsaid.
32. The fifth-generation Mustang's styling echoes the fastback
models of the late-1960s.
33. Mr. Jones would like to speak with you immediately after the
ceremony to-night.
34. Tonight at Koenig Arena, the rafters shook with applause as the
lead vocalist declared his love in song and then crowd surfed
with great alacrity.
35. In the aftermath of the huge explosion that blinded several
workers, many acts of unselfishness and heroism were
performed.
36. Florence Nightingale not only nursed, but also befriended, the
sick, the wounded and the dying soldiers in the Crimean War.
37. Because leeches were used in bloodletting, I think it must've
taken a lot to muster up the courage to be a bloodletter.